hey Doug can I please buy groceries with
my channel points okay hold on do you
guys can spend your hard-earned channel
points on like bread and milk can we get
some vanilla extract I need it for
baking all the things you could have
asked for on top of eggs milk and cheese
vanilla extract is the missing
ingredient all right final edit I also
need the heart of your firstborn to bake
some cookies please that is not a big
ingredient it feels like you guys should
be asking for flour can I get some black
olives to balance things out what is the
food you're even making hey that guy
needs some
you guys need to stop cooking I don't
think I'm allowed to explode
what are the ingredients to cook screws
PVC pipe and fertilizer that can't be
right Doug I might be getting a divorce
tonight I need you to add one gallon
containers of baby oil to your shop it
would really help what is the gallon of
baby oil have to do with anything none
of your business you know what you're
right